Update cache-reserve.md (#8749)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cache/about/cache-reserve.md

- Be cacheable, according to Cloudflare's standard [cacheability factors](/cache),
- Have a freshness time-to-live (TTL) of at least 10 hours (set by any means such as Cache-Control / [CDN-Cache-Control](/cache/about/cdn-cache-control/) origin response headers, [Edge Cache TTL](/cache/about/edge-browser-cache-ttl/#edge-cache-ttl), [Cache TTL By Status](/cache/how-to/configure-cache-status-code/), or [Cache Rules](/cache/about/cache-rules/)),
- Have a Content-Length response header.

> - When used with [Image Resizing](https://developers.cloudflare.com/images/image-resizing/), original files are eligible for Cache Reserve, but resized files are ineligible. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using [Image Resizing](/images/image-resizing/), original files are eligible for Cache Reserve, but resized file variants are not eligible because Image Resizing happens after Cache Reserve in the response flow.
```
